Torch relay for Tokyo Olympics kicks off its 121-day journeyThe ceremony was closed to the public because of the fear of spreading COVID-19 but was streamed live.
Is Gibraltar a glimpse into the future for vaccination-leading UK?Gibraltar was hit hard by the coronavirus pandemic - but its successful vaccination campaign should see all adults immunised by the end of March, and it is opening back up.
Germany football coach Joachim Löw to quit post after Euro 2020Germany's football federation said Löw asked to terminate his contract, which was to run through the 2022 World Cup, after this year's delayed tournament.
10 years later: Tohoku’s recovery and resilience together with the worldOn a cold Friday afternoon, life for millions in Japan would be changed in the span of just a few minutes. On March 11, 2011, northeastern Japan was struck by one of the most powerful earthquakes in recorded history.
Germany: Experts warn COVID taking heavy toll on youth mental healthWhile not as at risk to the disease as adults, youths may be more vulnerable to the collateral mental health effects of the pandemic, warned experts.
Seiko Hashimoto takes over as Tokyo Olympic presidentSeiko Hashimoto was named as president of the Tokyo Olympic organising committee in Japan, where women are still rare in the boardrooms and positions of political power.
Football for Friendship awards Bolivian 'superwomen' girls academy
One protester on why he took to the streets over Dutch COVID curfew"Why do we need to first vaccinate 90-year-olds?" asked Marcel R. "From my point of view, no one needs to live to 110. I'd rather my children be able to go to a café or a concert."
Football for Friendship keeps the ball running onlineEducating young generations goes beyond the classroom.
Record snowfall across most of Spain brings transport to a standstill
German club sells 72,000 tickets for game in empty stadium
Final goodbye: Recalling influential figures lost in 2020From Ruth Bader Ginsburg to Sean Connery, Euronews recalls some influential figures lost in 2020 and the legacies they left behind.
FIFA awards: Lewandowski and Bronze voted world's best footballersPolish captain Robert Lewandowski was voted the Best Men's Player while England's Lucy Bronze took the prize for Best Women's Player at a virtual ceremony in Zurich.
Antoine Griezmann: What will the response be from Barcelona and China?
Police in Argentina search house and clinic of Maradona's doctorDiego Maradona's doctor is reportedly under investigation for manslaughter four days after the iconic footballer died of a heart attack at his home, according to an Argentinian news agency.
The onscreen lives of Argentine football legend Diego Maradona
Watch: Argentinians pay respects to body of Diego MaradonaAs controversial as he was talented, Maradona is a gigantic loss for the beautiful game.
New FIFA rules to protect female players' maternity rightsFootball's governing body is preparing to mandate clubs to allow at least 14 weeks of maternity leave paid at a minimum two-thirds of a player’s full salary.
Euro 2020: North Macedonia celebrates qualifying for the big timeThe Balkan nation triumphed in Thursday's play-offs along with Hungary, Scotland and Slovakia to complete the 24-team line-up for the pandemic-delayed tournament.
Nobby Stiles: English World Cup winner and Man Utd stalwart dies at 78
Russia wants to keep sports fans in stadiums despite coronavirusRussia has allowed thousands of people to attend sporting events in recent weeks including Champions League games and an F1 race.
Poland deploys riot police as pro-abortion protests spread
COVID-19: Protests in Italy over new pandemic crackdown turn violent
Fourteen people injured after truck collides with tram in Zurich
Coronavirus: Bayern Munich fans could face quarantine after Super CupBayern Munich and Sevilla are scheduled to meet in Budapest on Thursday but Germany's public health institute deems the Hungarian capital a "high risk" area for the coronavirus.
Coronavirus: South Korea shuts churches, nightclubs and karaoke bars“We are now in a very dangerous situation that could trigger a massive nationwide spread of COVID-19,” Health Minister Park Neung-hoo said.
German food company to change name of popular sauce
Row as Belgium beach towns ban day trippers amid heatwave
Are swimming pool rentals the new business idea to rise from COVID-19
COVID-19: Which Eastern Europe countries have seen a surge in cases?
Serbia: 71 arrested as anti-Vučić protesters try to storm parliament
Serbia protests: Vučić 'not worried' about losing power after unrest
Hong Kong protests over law to ban ridicule of China's national anthem
Bundesliga cleared to resume behind closed doors from mid-May
Gaga, McCartney, Elton John and more offer hope at COVID-19 concert
'One World: Together at Home' raises millions for coronavirus relief
Russia rejects new World Cup bribery charges as 'conspiracy theory'US charges give details of alleged bribes paid to top FIFA officials to vote for Russia and Qatar to host the football World Cup.
Brazil firefighter lifts spirits through music during the lockdownBrazilians won't want lockdown to stop at this rate.
'We look like clowns': Belarus carries on as rest of Europe locks down
Wuhan football team leaving Spain to escape coronavirus
'San Francisco is full': Tech backlash reaches new heights with skyscraper battleA new ballot measure could limit new office space if more housing isn't built — and it's got popular support.
Geneva Motor Show cancelled as Swiss bid to stop coronavirus spread
Coronavirus could leave only 3 months to decide fate of Tokyo OlympicsThe modern Olympics dating from 1896 have only been cancelled during wartime, and faced boycotts in 1976 in Montreal, in 1980 in Moscow and 1984 in Los Angeles.
Trump heaps praise on India's Modi in packed stadium"India will always hold a very special place in our hearts," Trump said.
Watch: 'Nazis out,' chant fans as hecklers spoil Hanau victims tribute
COVID-19 outbreak: China says bats, pangolin likely 'virus hosts'
Las Vegas debate: Buttigieg, Klobuchar sharpen attacks as battle for moderate lane heats upThe former South Bend mayor and the senator from Minnesota are competing for the same voters, and the fight is getting nasty.
FC Porto player walks off pitch in fury at racist chants
German football fans allowed to set off smoke bomb before match
Kobe Bryant mourned from Italy to China as tributes pour in from across the worldThe Italian Basketball Federation remembered Bryant as "an absolute champion who always had Italy in his heart."
'He knew he was the best': A view of Kobe Bryant from his childhood home in Italy"It was immediately clear he was from another planet, a cut above us all," Davide Giudici, a longtime friend and a former teammate, said.
The Olympic Committee's new ban on politics denies reality - and its own poor history ǀ View
How the oligarch owner of the U.K.'s Chelsea soccer club is fighting anti-Semitism"Football is so powerful, and we can reach millions of people," said César Azpilicueta, captain of Chelsea's men's team.
Iran strike prompts U.S. men's soccer team to cancel Qatar training"Due to the developing situation in the region, U.S. Soccer has decided to postpone traveling to Qatar," the U.S. Soccer Federation said in a statement.
David Stern, longest-serving NBA commissioner, dies at 77The league says Stern died Wednesday with his family by his side.
Thai SEAL dies of blood infection a year after cave rescueThe SEAL, who was part of the dramatic rescue of 12 boys and their soccer coach from a flooded cave, has died of a blood infection contracted during the risky operation.
China deletes Mesut Ozil from computer games over Uighur Muslims tweet
The Brief: 'the last time I was able to talk to my father was 2014'The Uyghur economist and human rights activist Ilham Tohti is this year's Sakharov Prize winner for dedicating his life to the fight for the rights of China's Muslim minority. In prison for the past five years, he won't be able to collect it. Euronews spoke to his daughter Jewher Ilham.
Italian soccer condemned for using monkey paintings in anti-racism campaign"Once again Italian football leaves the world speechless," one campaign group said, describing the paintings as a "sick joke."
Soccer star under fire for criticizing China's Muslim detention camps, in echo of NBA feudÖzil's social media posts were met by criticism online, and an apparent decision from Chinese TV not to broadcast Sunday's marquee game involving his club Arsenal.
Soccer star Megan Rapinoe endorses Warren in 2020 Democratic primary"Consider me team Warren," Rapinoe said in a video she shared of her and the Massachusetts senator on Friday.
Russia banned from international sporting events for 4 years over dopingThe World Anti-Doping Agancy (WADA) said on Monday that Russia would not be able to officially compete in the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo
Are Uefa and FIGC fit to tackle racism without any black executives?
US World Cup hero Rapinoe wins women's Ballon d'Or 2019
Why the U.K. can't get its act together on Brexit ǀ View
Watch: Rapinoe, Morgan, Bronze and White on Ballon d'Or shortlist
Bulgaria's soccer team awaits punishment for racist fansBulgarian fans made Nazi salutes and directed monkey noises at England's black players during a Euro 2020 qualifier.
Rising sea levels - how the Netherlands found ways of working with the environment
Northern Ireland's violent past looms over last-ditch Brexit talksAnalysis: These are distressing times for those of us who were children when "the Troubles" began, who lived through its daily carnage.
Whodunnit? Row between wives of English footballers Rooney and Vardy goes viralWhodunnit? Row between wives of English footballers Rooney and Vardy goes viral
Furious feud of soccer stars' wives briefly eclipses Brexit in nation's consciousnessA Twitter fight between the wives of two of England's most famous soccer players did much to enliven a dreary Wednesday morning.
Sports Illustrated to cut staff as new owner takes overThe laid-off staffers are the latest victims of downsizing affecting digital and print media, which has struggled to retain advertising revenue.
Watch: Disabled artist dances with the stars in South AfricaMusa Motha's leg was amputated when he was 11-years-old, after being diagnosed with cancer. Now he is a lead dancer in 'Cion: Requiem of Ravel's Bolero.'
Hong Kong protesters form human chain on hillsides
Coffin of Zimbabwe's ex-president Robert Mugabe arrives in Harare
Woman dies after setting herself ablaze over Iran stadium jail fears
Neymar rape accuser charged with extortionNeymar rape accuser charged with extortion
Iranian female soccer fan dies after setting herself on fireThe woman was detained for dressing as a man to sneak into a soccer stadium to watch a match. She set herself on fire upon learning she could spend six months in prison.
Forest in a stadiumA forest planted inside an Austrian soccer stadium opened to the public with a message that one day nature might only be enjoyed in a museum-like environment.
Art installation transforms Austrian soccer stadium into forest of 300Art installation transforms Austrian soccer stadium into forest of 300 trees
Former Real Madrid star announces tragic death of 9-year-old daughterFormer football player and coach Luis Enrique revealed on Twitter that his 9-year-old daughter passed away from a form of bone cancer.
Eric Cantona steals show with Shakespeare at Champions League drawFrench legend Cantona quoted from Shakespeare's King Lear in speech that left soccer stars in the audience visibly baffled.
Red Star Belgrade players ride on military vehicle to celebrate win
Dirty play is all OK in Belarusian swamp soccer contest
A 'hero' grandfather, a teen, an Army vet: These are the victims of the El Paso massacreA gunman opened fire at a Walmart Saturday, killing 22.
Messi faces 3 month international suspension
Love them or hate them, Fortnite's World Cup proves esports are here to stay ǀ View
Abner, 17, says he slept on a trash pile at the Yuma border stationAbner said he gave food to younger migrant kids so they wouldn't go hungry, saw a guard hit a boy, and drank from the sink by cupping his unwashed hands.
Cristiano Ronaldo won't face criminal charges in Las Vegas rape caseThe Clark County District Attorney says that sexual assault claims can't be proven beyond a reasonable doubt.
Evolution of Iraq's tattoo culture shows impact of US legacy
Two different contests are defining the Democratic presidential raceFirst Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Senator proposes blocking men's World Cup funds until U.S. women's team gets equal pay"They are the best in the world and deserve to be paid accordingly," Sen. Joe Manchin said of the USWNT.
Brazil bids farewell to Bossa nova legend Joao Gilberto
Swalwell ends presidential campaign less than two weeks after first debateThe California Democrat had struggled to gain traction in the crowded primary field.
'A lot of people are going to be joining': Trump says July Fourth event boosts military recruitingRain didn't dampen the president's spirits about the "Salute to America," which he deemed "fantastic."
Women's soccer enters new era with huge World Cup audiencesFIFA says it expects the competition to reach a total of 1 billion viewers across all platforms worldwide.
Tourists forced to adapt as Europe waits for relief from record-breaking heatFrance saw its hottest day ever reaching 114.4 degrees on Friday while records were broken in Germany, Austria and Switzerland
Megan Rapinoe accepts Ocasio-Cortez's invite to House of RepresentativesThe invitation comes after the soccer star announced she would not visit the "f---ing White House" if invited, prompting a rebuke from President Trump.
Who is Megan Rapinoe, US star who'll snub Trump's White House invite?
What to watch for at tonight's second debateFirst Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Real Madrid reveal plans for women's football teamReal Madrid reveal plans for women's football team
Trump tells U.S. soccer star Megan Rapinoe to 'never disrespect' White House
Thai soccer team marks anniversary of cave ordeal with runThe cave and the town of Mae Sai in the mountainous province on the border with Myanmar are now flooded with curious tourists.
U.S. women beat Sweden at World Cup 2-0, complete group play undefeatedLindsey Horan scored the tournament's fastest goal as the Americans now look forward to Spain — and perhaps to hosting France.
Surf's up, skis down: How climate change is affecting sports
Senior soccer official arrested in 2022 World Cup investigationThe former UEFA president was arrested in relation to the awarding of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar, a judicial official said Tuesday.
Hunt for cause of massive South America power outage begins"I don't remember anything like this in Uruguay," said one resident.
Syrian soccer goalie who became rebel icon dies in battleA famous player for Homs, Abdelbaset Sarout was also known as the "singer of the revolution," leading rallies when peaceful protests broke out against Syrian President Bashar Assad in 2011.
Women's World Cup kicks off with gender pay under the spotlightPlayers are more vocal than ever on the need for equal pay.
Neymar, sponsors suspend some ad campaigns after rape allegation - statementNeymar, sponsors suspend some ad campaigns after rape allegation - statement
Women's World Cup: Little girls in Lyon dream of being the next Ada
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup: Euronews' definitive guide
Western leaders extol D-Day while ignoring the fascism reviving on their shores ǀ View
Football faces “existential threat” after Infantino gifted second FIFA termGianni Infantino will be handed a second term as FIFA President at a meeting in Paris on Wednesday.
Football for Friendship profile: Sophie, USA"Football can make people happy, it can bring joy to communities,” says Sophie Folds, USA
Football for Friendship profile: Theo Bua, Sweden
Neymar accused of rape in Paris, player says he was set up
Five footballers to watch at the Women's World Cup
Football for Friendship: "It's a movement changing the minds of thousands"
How a major sports trophy might be decided by an obscure Soviet-era conflict
Vatican hall becomes impromptu stadium as Pope talks soccer to children
Locals in Romania asked for password to enter their own city
As Europe closes its borders, Wales becomes a 'nation of sanctuary'"There is a phrase, 'Welcome to the valleys and the hillsides of Wales,' because that is how we've always been — a nation that welcomes people."
Soccer star dies after luxury van returning from game crashes in TurkeyThe state-run Anadolu Agency said the vehicle veered off the road and overturned near the town of Alanya, which is located on Turkey's Mediterranean coast.
College admissions scandal has California lawmakers taking aim at 'side doors'Other proposals include denying Cal Grants — the state's financial aid program — to schools that offer preferential decisions for donors, and phasing out standardized tests.
Dubai's thriving sports academies promoting healthy lifestylesFrom football to rugby to cricket, Dubai is a hot bed for sporting academies drawing on the expertise of international talent.

It has a lot to offer to the next generation of sporting stars as contributing to the wider community.
Fed up with status quo, Ukrainians tipped to elect comedian as presidentFed up with status quo, Ukrainians tipped to elect comedian as president
Black soccer stars have had enough of racism on the fieldA growing number of young stars are speaking out as stories of players facing abuse from fans, both on the field and online, have gained attention in recent weeks.
Minsk gears up for European Games
Rwanda honours those killed in genocide that began 25 years agoRwandan President Paul Kagame and a number of visiting dignitaries attended a memorial ceremony on Sunday (April 7) to commemorate the lives of 800,000 Tutsi and moderate Hutus murdered during the Rwandan genocide, a three-month-killing spree that began 25 years ago.
Home sweet home, Mars style?
Alarm after fresh iceberg ruptures in Chile's Patagonia regionTwo new icebergs have broken off the Grey Glacier in Chile's Patagonia in recent weeks, amid fears that such ruptures are becoming more frequent, scientists told Reuters.
Painting sow 'Pigcasso' hogs the limelight at South Africa farm
Adidas announces equal bonuses for winning women's World Cup players
Funeral in Argentina for Premiership football player Emiliano Sala
Chile joins Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay in World Cup bidChile joins Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay in World Cup bid
How one soccer player's honeymoon turned into an extradition nightmare
Brazil: Flamengo fire death victims all teenagersFire swept through an unlicensed lodging at the training center of Rio de Janeiro soccer club Flamengo on Friday, killing 10 members of the club’s youth team and injuring three more, one of them seriously.
Body recovered after plane crash is that of Cardiff City player Emiliano Sala, police say
Trump 'would have a hard time' letting son play American footballOn the day of one of the U.S' biggest sporting events, the Super Bowl, the US president said he was not sure he would let his son Barron play football.
Francis visits United Arab Emirates, becomes first pope to travel to peninsula
Super Bowl 53 declared boring by Twitter users"If the game weren't in my stadium, I would have driven away by now," said a tweet from the Mercedes-Benz USA Twitter account.
Missing soccer star may be alive aboard plane's life raft, police sayThe Argentine had spent the hours before the aircraft vanished saying farewell to teammates after Cardiff City paid $19 million for him last week.
Plane carrying Premier League player vanishes over English ChannelCardiff City paid FC Nantes around $19 million for the Argentine forward last week.
Soccer icon Ronaldo avoids jail, but must pay $21M fine for tax fraud
Death toll in Mexican pipeline fire reaches 85The victims were consumed by flames last week as they tried to cart off gasoline spurting out of a punctured pipeline belonging to the state oil company.
Death toll rises to 73 in Mexico fuel pipeline fire horrorThe tragedy came three weeks after President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador vowed to fight fuel theft gangs that drill dangerous, illegal taps into pipelines.
Ronaldo's 'calm' as rape case goes forward, says Juventus coachLas Vegas police said in a statement that an official request has been submitted to Italian authorities for a DNA sample from the player.
Countries line up to offer runaway Saudi teen a new lifeHer case has highlighted the cause of women's rights in Saudi Arabia.
Nuns on the run: Vatican's new track team dreams of Olympic glory
Police issue warrant for Ronaldo's DNA in investigation of alleged rape, report saysRonaldo, 33, was accused of sexually assaulting a Nevada woman in a Las Vegas hotel penthouse in 2009, an allegation he denies.
David Beckham wears green eye makeup on a magazine cover — and people love itBeckham wasn't opposed to accentuating his commanding eyes.
Argentine football legend Maradonna leaves hospital
'Sin tax' doubles the cost of alcohol overnight in Qatar"Specific goods that the State of Qatar deems harmful to human health and the environment" have been hit with the levy.
U.K. recognizes cave rescue divers and a Monty Python member in Queen's honors listThe various honors will be bestowed by Queen Elizabeth II or senior royals next year.
Punk rockers who fled to Sweden now face deportation back to Russia
Children as young as 10 fight, kill and die in Yemen's war
Why bees of the future may wear tiny backpacks
Nativity figures of Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un popular in Italy
Paris protests could hit tourism and transport stocks again
She won a top sports award. And then she was asked to twerk on stage.DJ Martin Solveig's question left some in the mainly male audience looking visibly stunned. He later apologized to the Norwegian soccer star.
Tokyo hosts anti-terror drills at future Olympic venueTokyo metropolitan government officials have held anti-terrorism drills at a venue for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics
Dutch rail company to pay reparations for mass deportations of Jews in WWIIThe rail company, NS, said that its involvement in the deportations "is a black page in the history of our country and our company."
France's Davis Cup final hopes still alive - but Croatia set to winThe odds are still stacked in Croatia's favour as no team has recovered from 2-0 down to win the trophy since Australia beat the United States in 1939.
Protesters tear-gassed in ParisFrance's far-right has been blamed for the violent clashes with police in Paris on Saturday with "yellow jacket" fuel price rise protesters.
Migrant 'humanitarian crisis' declared in Tijuana, MexicoThe mayor says he's asking the UN for aid to handle the 5,000 Central Americans who have arrived in his border city.
Family of slain U.S. missionary forgives tribe that killed him"I have never known a more courageous, selfless, compassionate man," one friend said. "John lived and gave his life to share the love of Jesus."
Hip-hop fan could be 1st American world chess champion since Bobby Fischer
Brazilian soccer league takes on homophobia
Brazil's LGBT soccer league kicking homophobia to the curb
Funeral for Leicester City owner Vichai in Bangkok
Rome escalator accident reportedly injures 20, mostly Russian soccer fans"From what witnesses have said, it seems that some fans were jumping and dancing on the stairs," said Rome Mayor Virginia Raggi.
Rome escalator accident leaves at least 20 injured on metroAn escalator has collapsed at a metro station in Rome leaving several people injured, some of them seriously, Italian media reports.
Cocktails are served only miles from a Syrian city that's now rubbleConditions in central Damascus, with its relaxed nightlife and bustling business district, seem a world away from the hardship of eastern Ghouta.
Watch: extraordinary backflip penalty in Russian student matchWatch: extraordinary backflip penalty in Russian student match
Spanish opera singer Montserrat Caballe dies at 85King Felipe VI tweeted that Caballe was "the great lady of opera, legend of universal culture, the best of the best."
Referee scores freak goal in Dagestan soccer matchReferee scores freak goal in Dagestan soccer match
Turkey's Erdogan opens Germany's largest mosque amid security lockdownTurkish President Tayyip Erdogan wrapped up a three-day visit to Germany on Saturday with a visit to Cologne, where a security lockdown kept supporters and protesters away from a ceremony to open the country's largest mosque.
Germany wins right to host 2024 Uefa European ChampionshipsGermany wins right to host 2024 Uefa European Championships
London football team kit — with anti-fascist symbols — sells out
Elon Musk sued by Thai cave rescue diver
Severely ill Pussy Riot activist to be treated in GermanyFellow members of the Russian protest group say they suspect Pyotr Verzilov was poisoned for political reasons.
Anti-Kremlin punk rocker activist seriously ill in hospital, colleagues sayAn online news portal cited someone it said was Verzilov's girlfriend describing how he had started to lose his eyesight and ability to talk and walk.
Soccer fans fight church-goers in Peru stadium land disputeA soccer stadium in Peru was the site of pitched battle on Monday (September 10), but not between two sports teams.
Rescued Thai boys crawl through replica of flooded caveThe rescued boys smiled as they crawled through a replica of the cave they were trapped in.
What is the new Nations League and how does it work? Euronews explains
Nike doubles down on Kaepernick controversy, releases full-length TV adStaring down controversy, a boycott, and criticism from President Donald Trump, Nike released a full-length commercial featuring Colin Kaepernick.
Denmark calls up second-string players amid dispute with regular starsDenmark has been forced to call up football players from its five-a-side indoor format after a dispute with the country’s regular squad members.
Victoria Beckham re-creates Spice Girl look for hilarious videoIn a hilarious new video for British Vogue, Victoria Beckham re-creates her look from the Spice Girls' 1996 "Say You'll Be There" video.
Usain Bolt soccer debutAt the age of 32 world champion Olympic sprinter Usain Bolt has made his soccer debut in Australia
Usain Bolt touches down for his Australian football experienceOlympic sprint champion and aspiring footballer Usain Bolt touched down in Sydney on Saturday, declaring himself ready to prove to the world that his Australian soccer adventure is "real".
A far-right party looks to topple a century of Swedish socialismA party with its roots in neo-Nazism and white nationalism may be on the verge of an election victory.
Bus crash in Ecuador kills 24 people, injures 19At least 24 people were killed and another 19 injured when a bus careened into another vehicle at high speed and overturned on a highway near Ecuador's capital Tuesday, officials reported.
When is a German not a German? Identity re-emerges as a thorny issue"I am a German when we win, but I am an immigrant when we lose," said Mesut Özil, who recently quit the national soccer team, citing racism.
Thailand's rescued cave boys return home after stay at Buddhist templeThe boys' dramatic rescue is being commemorated with construction of a museum, expected to open within six months.
Fast news: The week in a minute
Scandal surrounds Macron security aide
Auto industry insiders question Elon Musk's leadership, amid bizarre rant over Thai rescue
Elon Musk apologizes for calling cave diver a 'pedo,' blames 'anger'The entrepreneur's apology came alongside praise for an opinion article that criticizes the media.
'It was a miracle, I was shocked': Thai cave boys recount ordealThe 12 boys and their soccer coach rescued from a flooded cave in Thailand left a hospital on Wednesday to make their first public appearance at a nationally-broadcast news conference in the northern province of Chiang Rai.
Les Bleus touch down in Paris for victory paradeFrance's soccer team touched down at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris on Monday (July 16) ahead of a victory parade down the Champs Elysees in front of crowds who queued to welcome the World Cup heros.
Elon Musk calls Thai cave rescue diver a 'pedo' in spat
Pussy Riot upstages Putin with World Cup protest
Russia hands over World Cup mantle to Qatar
Fireworks at Eiffel Tower celebrate Bastille DayFrance capped its Bastille Day celebrations on Saturday (July 14) with a firework display over the Eiffel Tower, a day before French soccer team face Croatia for the World Cup final.
FIFA branded 'pathetic' for World Cup Twitter takedown noticesA 7-year-old boy celebrating a goal in front of the TV was among the fans accused of copyright infringement by soccer's governing body.
Boys rescued from Thai cave to be discharged from hospital on Thursday
Feeling good: positive stories from the weekStudies have shown that increasing positive emotions has a powerful effect on our general wellbeing.

This is why we’d like to introduce you to our roundup of some of the brightest stories from this week.
Wife of diver who died in Thai cave mourns a hero
English fans crash back to reality after World Cup dream is shattered
FIFA wants to crack down on images of attractive female fansFIFA's diversity boss says broadcasters have been ordered to stop their cameras zooming in on "hot women" in the crowd at football matches.
Boys rescued from Thai cave wave from their hospital bedsA video clip is the first time the boys have been seen since being retrieved by divers.
Why authoritarians love mega-sports events | ViewEvents like the World Cup and the Olympics kickstart a festival of patronage and allow authoritarians to seem beloved on the world stage. Enough is enough.
Divers embark on missiong to free remaining trapped boys
All 12 boys and football coach rescued from flooded Thailand caveAfter 17 days underground, their ordeal is over.
Putin's popularity dips despite World Cup joyThe proportion of Russians who said they would vote for Putin fell by eight percentage points within a week.
Eighth boy 'rescued' from flooded Thai cave system
Psychologist calls for rescued Thai boys to be given to time to readapt
Thailand cave rescue set to resume for 9 still trappedAn operation to rescue 9 people still trapped in a cave in northern Thailand was set to resume, a day after four people were rescued.
Wimbledon accuses Saudi of complicity in ‘industrial-scale piracy’Saudi Arabia has denied allegations by the governing bodies of world tennis that a television channel illegally showing matches is based in the kingdom.
Four Thai boys saved from cave as the rest wait for rescueFour of 12 Thai schoolboys were rescued from a flooded cave on Sunday as divers
launched a mission to free the children and their soccer coach who have been trapped underground for more than two weeks.
First boys emerge from Thai cave as rescue mission enters final act
Thai officials clear media, rescue try for boys trapped in cave could be imminent"Assessing the situation now it is necessary to evacuate the area for the rescue operation," a police official said.
Monsoon rains threaten window for Thai soccer team rescue
Coach: sorry for bringing boys to Thai cave"I'm doing fine, but the air is a little cold but don't worry. Although, don't forget to set up my birthday party," one boy writes.
Divers eye the skies as pressure is on to rescue Thai soccer team
Thai diver dies amid cave rescue effortA Thai navy official said the rescuer was placing oxygen cannisters overnight when he perished in the waterlogged cave.
Russia uses World Cup defence to preempt new poisoning accusationsRussian politicians respond to the poisoning of a couple by accidental exposure to Novichok, an extremely powerful nerve agent, in Amesbury, England.
Don't give up hope, freed Chilean miner tells Thai soccer team"They shouldn't be ashamed to be scared," Omar Reygadas said of the boys. "Because we were scared, too. Our tears also ran. Even as adult men, we cried."
'Taxi services' rescue migrants from sea, but welcoming ports dwindleSuch operations are getting complicated amid claims ships run by charities serve as de facto "taxi services" for human smugglers based in Libya.
World Cup fever envelopes streets in Sao Paulo
Thai schoolboys found — but cave rescue is far from over
Missing Thai boys, soccer coach all found alive in cave complexRescue teams will send doctors and food to help them and that rescue teams still need to pump more water out of the cave and work on bringing them out.
Rescue teams find missing boys, coach in cave with ‘signs of life’
World Cup soccer fever interrupts military parade in Red Square
The art of pizza
Running dry? British pubs hit by World Cup beer shortageAs England prepares to enter the tournament's knockout stages, Londoners are among those being hit by a European CO2 outage affecting the drinks industry.
Rescuers do not know if the boys are dead or alive
Rescuers injured in attempt to save Thai boys stuck in caveNear constant rains have hampered the search for the boys aged 11 to 16 and their coach who entered the sprawling cave after a soccer game on Saturday.
As it happened this morning: Friday 29 JuneAs it happened this morning: Friday 29 June.
U.S. team joins search for teens trapped in Thai cave
Mexico City breaks Guinness record for simultaneous foosball-playingOver 1,000 people gathered in Mexico City's Zocalo to break the Guinness World Record for simultaneous foosball-playing,
Real life 'soccer-roo' disrupts football game in CanberraThe kangaroo could not get enough of football.
Blind soccer player goes for gold with Argentine teamBlind soccer player goes for gold with Argentine team
Sexism and misogyny called out at first World Cup since #MeTooSexism and misogyny called out at first World Cup since #MeToo
Iranian women attend first World Cup screening in nearly 40 yearsIranian women flock to a Tehran sports stadium to watch a screening of a World Cup match between Iran and Spain. Iran lost, but that didn't seem to matter.
Asylum seekers enter Finland from Russia using World Cup IDs: border guard
Poland and Senegal fans pin hopes on star players, as match loomsPolish and Senegalese soccer fans did some sightseeing in Moscow's Red Square on Tuesday (June 19), ahead of their teams' showdown.
Colombian fans bring salsa spirit to SaranskWith their yellow shirts and appetite for a fiesta, Colombian soccer supporters brought a wave of tropical exuberance to the stolid citizens of Saransk ahead of their teams' World Cup opener against Japan on Tuesday.
Les Bleus and Socceroos' fans mingleAustralian and French fans arrived at the Kazan Arena on Saturday to see the Socceroos taking on Les Bleus.
Iceland practise their Viking clapIceland fans made the most of their reputation as fiery Vikings on Saturday, practising their thunderous "Viking clap" ahead of their World Cup match in Moscow.
Neighbours and rivals Spain and Portugal prepare for confrontationSpain says it's business as usual despite the last minute change of head coach
Young Russians inspired by World Cup heroesRussia's footballing community thinks that in the near future the country will be a worldwide force
Star who embraces Muslim faith carries Egypt's World Cup hopes on ailing shoulderThe Liverpool Football Club star's goals and unabashed faith have made him a soccer icon.
World Cup 2018 set to begin in RussiaFans of the beautiful game don't have to wait much longer as football's showpiece gets underway today
U.S., Canadian, Mexican cities lobby to be 2026 World Cup hostsBut seven of the 23 proposed match sites won't make the cut.
Will U.S. co-host soccer's 2026 World Cup? We'll find out today.The joint bid's venues would be selected from a total of 23 stadiums, including three each in Mexico and Canada.
A young Dutch inventor wants to clean plastic from the ocean. Can he do it?
Thai elephants kicked off an anti-gambling campaign in Thailand
Guts, not glory, dominate at soccer's World Cup for not-quite countriesForgotten nations, oppressed minorities and ethnic groups that are shut out of the sport's official tournaments show soccer is "more than just a game."
Argentina cancels soccer game against Israel amid boycott campaignThe head of the Palestinian football association had called on Arab soccer fans to burn posters of star player Lionel Messi if he participated.
Moscow welcomes World Cup 2018 trophy
Sports betting is coming. Here's what it looks like in the U.K.Gambling on soccer and other sports is a multibillion dollar industry in Britain, but it isn't without problems.
Usain Bolt follows his footballing dream in NorwayMultiple Olympic sprint champion Usain Bolt is training with Norwegian top-flight side Stromsgodset as he pursues his dream of becoming a professional footballer, newspaper Verdens Gang reported on Wednesday.
Former UEFA Chief Michel Platini clearedThe Frenchman was banned in 2015 from all football-related business after receiving a 1.7 million euro payment from FIFA that "lacked transparency."
Russia issues world cup banknoteNew 100-rouble note first for national mint to use only polymers and feature a figure unconnected with politics.
Owl freed from football netOfficers from the Boulder City Department of Parks & Recreation had to come to the aid of an eager owl that got itself tangled in a football net on Thursday.
Russian billionaire tycoon with ties to Putin left waiting for UK visaBritish lawmakers want to see tighter controls on Russian 'dirty money' in London
Maduro claims victory amid low turnout in Venezuela
Surprise beer shower for Frankfurt coachNiko Kovac took a surprise beer shower from players during a press conference
2018 FIFA World Cup: the Euronews guide
Mancini in line for Italian national coaching postZenit terminates former Man City manager's contract
Trump endorses N. American World Cup bid, threatens allies against backing Morocco
FIFA World Cup referees put VAR technology to the testFIFA is trialling out VAR (video assistant review) technology before the 2018 World Cup ahead of the tournament that starts in June
Spanish mother creates football stickers of female players for her daughters
The Afghan football coach training Mexican street kids for their own 'World Cup'Khalida Popal was the first captain of the woman's football team in Afghanistan until she was forced to flee after receiving death threats from the Taliban.
Sex abuse allegations hit Argentinian soccerYouth players say they were forced into prostitution.
Court decision to jail former president divides BrazilLula da Silva could go to prison within days on a corruption conviction. Incarceration would prevent him standing in October's presidential election.
'No jokes' at border, Russia warns London-bound soccer fans amid spy tensionsRussian officials urged soccer fans to "behave" amid tensions over a poisoned spy, adding "no jokes please" when at passport control.
Basra celebrates end of FIFA ban
Russia slams British minister's 'disgusting' Putin-Hitler remarkMoscow's war of words over the ex-spy's poisoning has diplomatic implications for the U.S.
Usain Bolt seeks new challenge in football
Putin critic's pal was strangled, British police sayNikolay Glushkov, a friend of a Vladimir Putin critic who was found dead with a rope around his neck, was strangled, police said.
Trump on Skripal poisoning: 'It looks like the Russians were behind it
Got slime? The trend that is wiping out glue supplies and creating tween bossesKids across the country are begging their parents for more glue to make homemade slime.
U.K. gave Putin a midnight deadline to explain spy attack. What's next?On Monday, British Prime Minister Theresa May pointed the finger at Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Russian spy attack: British PM May to address parliament
Greece suspends Superleague after PAOK boss invades pitch with handgunSports Minister condemns action by one of Greece's richest men, who wears holstered automatic alongside bodyguards when confronting referee after disallowed goal.
Sprinting champion Usain Bolt set to line-up in charity soccer match
The 17 victims of the Florida school shooting
Pussy Riot members say Swedish exile is price of opposing Putin
No Comments of the weekA look back at some of the top videos from this week's No Comment section.
World's longest zipwire opens in UAEThrill seekers will travel on the zipwire at speeds of up to 150kph along its 2.8 kilometre length.
Saudi women get the right to drive — but what about everything else?Headline-grabbing announcements regarding women's rights obscure the conflicts within families and throughout society over justice and the rule of law.
Youth sports venture wins LeBron's backingThe NBA star and others have invested in a social media-based sports streaming venture run by 26-year-old twins who dropped out of college.
When adult friendships fail: How to break up with a friendSometimes we need to cut our friends some slack. Sometimes we just need to call it quits.
Belstaff showcases its 'Made in UK' collection at London Fashion Week
Weah sets his goals for Liberian presidencySays priorities for six-year term are agriculture & infrastructure in first post-victory interviews.
Parenting from abroad: The impact of migration on 'barrel children'A look into the complexities of parental migration from the Caribbean, 'barrel children' and the affect separation can have on children throughout their lives.
FIFA officials convicted of corruption
4 ways augmented reality will revolutionize your lifeAR is bringing big changes to the way you work, play, drive, and more.
Your week in 60 secondsHow switched on were you to what was going on in the news this week? Watch our video below to see if you can identify the news story.
Colombia honours decimated football team a year after plane crashColombians have marked the first anniversary of the [plane
FIFA OFFICIALS FOUND GUILTY OF CORRUPTION
Moroccan football fans riot in Brussels after country's World Cup qualificationTwenty-two Belgian police officers injured, city centre shops looted, and cars burned.
Wonders of science: dying boy gets new skin - and new lifeIn a lab in Italy, scientists have grown replacement skin for a young boy who had lost most of his to a rare and devastating genetic disease.
Guatemala ex-judge is first to be sentenced in the Fifa bribery scandal
Why does Turkey think Rocky Balboa might be linked to coup attempt?
Soccer-French league game abandoned after three seriously injured when safety barriers collapsedOur journalists are working on this story and will update it as soon as more information becomes available.
Barcelona braces for more protests after overnight clashesTensions are running high as the Spanish government steps up its efforts to stop a Catalan independence referendum scheduled for October 1.
Gaelic sports: what you need to knowCamogie hurling and Gaelic football are prehistoric sports indigenous to Ireland
Irish women's contact sport 'camogie' is not for the faint-heartedCamogie, an Irish full-contact sport played only by women, is very physical and can seem "vicious and ferocious", says All-Ireland champion Grainne Ní Chatháin
"BIN it, don't BLOCK it!" - Monster 'fatberg' is found in London sewerOne of the biggest 'fatbergs' ever seen in Britain has been found blocking a Victorian-era, east London sewer.
Europe's best axe and knife throwers gather in HungaryIt is a competition that is growing in popularity, known as the meeting of the Big Throwers.  

	A small Hungarian village has been the venue for the
UEFA opens financial fair play investigation into PSG
Life without Neymar - Barcelona take on Real Madrid in the Spanish Super CupCoach Ernesto Valverde will get his first proper taste of the rivalry between Barcelona and Real Madrid when the two giants of Spanish soccer meet in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup.
Jumping for Joy: World Athletics latest winners
La Liga rejects Neymar buyout clause
Watch: TV reporter punched during live broadcastPolice described the journalist's attacker as a known football hooligan.
Two killed, nine hurt in Minneapolis school explosionTwo people were killed and nine injured after a gas explosion tore through a Christian private school in Minneapolis, in the US state of Minnesota.
Qatar's emir says his country is ready for dialogue to resolve diplomatic crisis
F4F “Nine values cup” 2017 goes to Real Madrid
FIFA expresses delight at Russia's readiness for World CupFIFA expresses delight at Russia's readiness for World Cup
No dogs, no alcohol, no veiled womenThe rules state that women are only allowed to wear one-piece or two-piece bathing suits
Five green energy inventions that could change the worldTechnology is evolving at such a rapid pace that life as we know it could be unrecognisable within the next few decades. But that doesn’t just mean
Cristiano Ronaldo to testify in image rights tax case
Cristiano Ronaldo: Room With a View in RussiaPortuguese football legend Cristiano Ronaldo received a colourful welcome when his national team arrived in the Russian city of Kazan for the 2017
Ronaldo 'wants to quit' Real Madrid and SpainA Portuguese newspaper claims the reason is the recent tax fraud case; the player denies wrongdoing.
Ronaldo proclaims innocence in tax fraud caseCristiano Ronaldo says his "conscience is clear" the day after Spanish tax authorities file a lawsuit claiming nearly 15 million euros.
Nun funA Limerick garda (Irish police officer) and one of the city’s Dominican nuns have become an online sensation after a video surfaced of them playing a
Can Denmark's solar power solution be a blueprint for sun-starved countries?Though solar availability is scarce in this Nordic country of 5.6 million, Denmark has become a leader in combined heat and electric generation.
Melbourne shop owner bans blacks and dogsA Melbourne milk bar has come under fire after the owner displayed a sign in the window banning black youths and dogs.
Crowd trouble mars Lyon victory-United draw in BrusselsCrowd trouble delays Lyon match-Man United draw with Anderlecht
Dortmund attack: one held, two houses searched
US, Mexico, Canada announce joint bid for World Cup 2026In a rare show of unity, the US, Mexico and Canada have announced a joint bid to stage the 2026 FIFA World Cup.
Gazprom's youth football extravaganza all set for summer dateThe whistle has been blown to kick-off an initiative that aims to promote youth football, friendship and tolerance.
Woman power and immigration - this week in picturesPeople attend a rally calling for impeached President Park Geun-hye’s arrest in central Seoul, South Korea, March 10, 2017.
Top turnarounds in sportEveryone loves it when someone beats the odds.
And also... Sprightly snakes, Schwarzenegger's swap swipe and soccer sexismWhy Trump and Putin are molar opposites, the secret of a winning poker strategy and what it is like having a snake stuck in your ear.
German Bundesliga first to get assistant video refereesThe Germans are going to take some of the luck out of football with the introduction next season of assistant video referees able to countermand on-pitch decisions.
And also... a topless woman goes for Trump's crotch, the coach without a salary, and free pizzas to calm traffic nervesEvery Friday journalists from euronews’ various language teams choose a selection of stories from Europe and beyond which did not reach the international headlines New Zealand choppers save cherries f
[IN PHOTOS] Why Obama will be missedThousands of photos were published on the 44th President of the United States of America, we did a flashback of the eight years his two presidency by selecting one from each…
Vuvuzelas: a noisy but welcome return at AFCON 2017Vuvuzelas – plastic horns – which blow loud monotone notes, shot to global attention seven years ago during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.
Union leaders call for Africa Cup of Nations boycottThe leader of Gabon’s main civil service union called for a boycott of the African Nations Cup (CAN) on Wednesday (January 12), saying the money the country is spending on hosting the tournament would
Ronaldo scoops another individual award at Globe Soccer ceremonyCristiano Ronaldo will have to make more room in his trophy cabinet after the Portugual international was named Globe Soccer player of the year.
Turkey: further crackdown after Saturday's twin bombing235 people have been detained in raids across Turkey over alleged links to Kurdish militants. The arrests come two days after 44 people died and 150 were injured in twin bombings at a major football s
Victims of Colombia air crash remembered in ChapecoWake held for soccer plane-crash victims in Brazil The small agricultural town of Chapeco has held a wake for football players who died in a Colombian plane crash as they headed to the Copa Sudamerica
Thousands attend memorial for Chapecoense football teamFans, families and officials gather in southern Brazil to pay their respects to victims of the plane crash that wiped out most of the squad.
Brazil holds massive memorial for Chapecoense football teamA huge memorial service has been held for the victims of the deadly plane crash which wiped out a Brazilian football team.
Chapecoense hosts a memorial for the victims of LaMia flight 2933Seventy one of the 77 people on board were killed in the crash
Colombia plane crash bodies head home to Brazil and BoliviaThe bodies of those killed on board the aircraft that crashed near Medellin, decimating the Chapecoense football team, are being repatriated.
Chapecoense crash: plane may have 'run out of fuel'Investigators from Brazil and the UK have arrived in Colombia to help the inquiry into the plane crash that decimated the Chapecoense football team.
Black boxes are recovered from Colombia plane crash
Steven Gerrard announces retirementFormer Liverpool and England captain Steven Gerrard announced his retirement on Thursday a week after confirming he would not be returning to play for Major League Soccer side LA…
Spanish court calls for Neymar to serve two years in prisonSpain’s public prosecutor has called for Barcelona soccer player Neymar to be sent to prison for two years for his part in a corruption case over his transfer from Brazilian club Santos to the Liga ch
Iacona and Donchet take top World Street Style prizesThe World Street Style special football skills competition in London has wowed the crowds.
Pollock makes a splash and Nash soars in this week's cultural calendarPollock, Nash, Renoir and the Thessaloniki Film Festival are the stars of the cultural week in Europe.
Football: Slovenian Aleksander Ceferin elected new head of UEFAAleksander Ceferin, the president of Slovenia’s football federation, was overwhelmingly elected as the new head of European soccer’s governing body UEFA at an extraordinary Congress on…
Former FIFA chief Jeffrey Webb receives lifetime ban from footballFormer FIFA vice president Jeffrey Webb has been banned from football for life by the body’s ethics committee.
Landon Donovan ends retirement and returns to LA Galaxy
German football legend Beckenbauer investigated over 2006 World CupSwiss authorities have opened criminal proceedings against German soccer great Franz Beckenbauer and two former presidents of Germany’s football federation (DFB) in connection with its successful bid
UK: Getting a soccer soakingCrowds gathering on the banks of the Windrush for the annual 30-minute splashabout in Bourton-on-the-Water, UK, are being warned to wear waterproofs or risk getting…
Tokyo: Barcelona youth team comforts losing Japanese footballersA youth football team from Barcelona comforted their Japanese opponents after winning the U-12 Junior Soccer World Challenge 2016 in Tokyo on Wednesday (August 31), drawing attention from many on the…
Greece launches controversial TV licence auctionGreece has launched a multi-million euro auction for four private TV licences despite protests by broadcasters.
Former FIFA boss Sepp Blatter goes before tribunal to appeal football ban
Sweden outclass South Africa in first Olympic matchSouth America’s first Olympic Games kicked off as the Swedish women’s football team defeated South Africa 1-0 at Rio’s Olympic stadium.
Messi's €79.4m earnings mean tax fine is small change for soccer starLionel Messi’s two million euro fine for tax fraud, announced today by a Spanish court, is small change for the football icon.
Why were the Messis convicted?
Soccer for peaceThe prime Minister of Israel and the chairman of the Palestinian Authority decide there is only one logical way to resolve the longest running conflict in modern history: a soccer…
Football is pants in Hungary
Police break up fights between Polish football fans in MarseillePolice using tear gas, pepper spray and batons broke up fights between Polish soccer fans in the southern French city of Marseille on Tuesday (June 21), detaining several of them ahead of Poland’s fin
Brussels Central Station evacuated amid heightened security fearsBrussels central train station was temporarily evacuated on Sunday (June 19) due to a suspicious suitcase amid heightened security fears in the Belgian capital after a huge anti-terror operation led t
Ukraine 'prevents' 15 'terrorist attacks' planned for France
Euro2016: officials vow to beef up security for fansParis security forces will receive reinforcements to protect fan zones during Euro 2016 soccer matches held in the French capital, the city’s police
Messi tax evasion trial beginsThe trial of Lionel Messi on charges of tax evasion opened in Barcelona on Tuesday, but injury prevented soccer’s five-times World Player of the Year from…
Football for Friendship: Syrian youth team make tournament debut in MilanLast weekend, Milan turned into the football capital of the world.
Germany: #Cutesolidarity response to Kinder chocolate controversy
'Vertical soccer game' takes place at Hotel de Ville in ParisWith the Euro 2016 set to start in France in three weeks, dancers from “Les passagers” dance troupe treated crowds in Paris’ Hotel de Ville to a
Soccer star Mesut Ozil has kickabout with young Syrian refugeesYoung Syrian refugees in Jordan have been having a kickabout with Germany and Arsenal soccer star Mesut Ozil.
Leicester City arrive in Thailand for celebration tourRecently-crowned English Premier League champions Leicester received a heroes welcome on arrival in the club owner’s native Thailand for a celebration…
African woman becomes new secretary general of crisis-hit FIFAAn African woman has been named as FIFA’s new secretary general, as the global soccer ruling body tries to move on from a corruption scandal
Zlatan leaves PSG "like a legend"Football clubs around the world will be no doubt reaching for the cheque books in a rush to sign Zlatan Ibrahimovic. In his usual self-aggrandizing
UEFA boss Platini to resign after appeal to lift football ban failsUEFA President Michel Platini has said he will resign from European football’s governing body after he failed to get his six-year ban from soccer
Will Michel Platini be back in charge for Euro 2016?The suspended UEFA president must wait to see if a second appeal against his six-year FIFA ban has been successful
'Hillsborough' relatives call for police resignationsHillsborough verdict – “victims unlawfully killed” Police failings were to blame Relatives call for senior officers to quit   Criminal prosecutions
Rio Olympics: the challenges faced by BrazilWith the Brazilian president facing impeachment, the economy in the doldrums and a number of venues beset by problems, you’d be forgiven for thinking
U.S. women's soccer team threatens Rio Olympic boycott over wage inequalityThe United States women’s soccer team could boycott this summer’s Rio Olympics unless their demands for equal pay as the men’s national side are met
Panama Papers lessonsPanama is at the centre of a global hurricane sparked by the leak of a huge list of documents which have become known as the “Panama Papers”
Howlin' Wolfsburg maul Madrid;City score two in ParisReal Madrid are licking their wounds after a shredding by Wolfsburg in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. Wolfsburg in dreamland…  Who's
Tight security at Paris stadium for first international football match since terror attacks
The Corner: Cruyff passing leaves football world in mourningBarcelona’s Nou Camp opened its doors on Saturday morning (March 26) to allow fans to pay tribute to Johan Cruyff, a formidable presence at Barcelona
Iraq: ISIL suicide bomber strikes amateur football match near BaghdadThe self-proclaimed Islamic State has claimed responsiblity for a suicide bomb attack on an amateur football match near Baghdad, reportedly killing
Italy to experiment against a rejuvenated Spain in UdineItaly and Spain resume their long-standing  rivalry in Thursday’s friendly in Udine. Italy are in transition having lost to Belgium in their last
FIFA says members "sold their votes" in past World Cup hosting contestsSoccer’s governing body FIFA said on Wednesday that members of its executive committee had in the past sold their votes in World Cup hosting
FIFA ethics investigator recommends life bans for Bedoya and JadueWorld soccer’s chief ethics investigator has recommended life bans for the former presidents of the Colombian and Chilean football federations after
Messi scores from impossible angleFresh from pulling off a piece of penalty magic to help Barcelona thump Celta Vigo 6-1 at the Camp Nou, Lionel Messi, who was crowned the world’s
Platini begins appeal hearing to clear his nameBanned UEFA President Michel Platini said he was “quite happy” with the conduct of his FIFA Appeal Committee hearing on Monday (February 15) and
The threat of the Zika virus to tourism in Brazil in Olympic year
Sweden: masked men threaten to attack migrant childrenAmid growing tensions over immigration in Sweden, pro and anti demonstrators have taken to the streets of Stockholm. The country of 10 million
WATCH: Football players at Greek match stage protest in support of refugeesA Greek football match was delayed on Friday when players staged a sit-down protest in a moving tribute to refugees who have lost their lives trying
What’s happening this week 11/01/2016MONDAY

KENYA – UNIVERSITY
  Garissa  • Garissa University officially re-opens for students for the first time since the April 2 attack that killed
FIFA scandal: Swiss bank documents handed over to US Justice departmentBank account documents that were allegedly used for bribes connected with FIFA’s ongoing corruption scandal have been handed over to the US Justice
Messi scoops Player of the Year Award in DubaiAt the Global Soccer Awards in Dubai which are held as part of the International Sports Conference Lionel Messi walked away with the Player of the
Russia's sports minister Mutko denies doping cover-upsRussia’s sports minister Vitaly Mutko has defended his country’s anti-doping practices, strongly denying it had anything to do with the covering-up
Callejas to face soccer charges in USRafael Callejas, the former president of Honduras and one time chief of the country’s soccer federation is set to present himself to authorities in
Michel Platini loses appeal against FIFA suspensionMichel Platini has failed in his bid to overturn his 90-day ban from football’s world governing body FIFA. The Frenchman, who heads European soccer’s
Shining a light on Europe's shadow economy
Germany-Netherlands friendly called off due to "security threat"A friendly between the German and Dutch national football teams has been cancelled, reportedly because of a bomb threat.  The stadium in the city of
Raul retires in styleSpain legend Raul ended his career with another trophy as he lifted the North American Soccer League title with the New York Cosmos in his final
Athletics sponsors 'may review deals' over Russia doping claimsThe scandal over Russian doping in athletics could send sponsors running for cover and turn off fans worried that their track and field heroes may be
President of Germany's football federation resigns over FIFA paymentThe president of the German Football Association (DFB) has resigned over a payment to FIFA that was allegedly used to bribe officials of the body to
[IN PHOTOS] Back to the future, then and now
What's happening this week 19/10/15MONDAY

USA – EU
  Miami • The 11th round of EU-US trade talks are due to take place in Florida. The talks on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment
Platini's role into Fifa investigation 'between witness and accused person'The Swiss authorities have rebutted a statement by UEFA head Michel Platini that he was questioned purely as a witness during the criminal
FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke is suspended
State of emergency declared: 23,000 displaced in California wildfires
U.S. anticipates further criminal charges in soccer corruption probeZURICH, Sept 14 (Reuters) – U.S. authorities have expanded their investigations into corruption within global soccer and expect to file additional
What's happening this week 14/9/2015MONDAY

EU – MIGRANT CRISIS
  Brussels  •  European Union interior ministers hold an extraordinary meeting to discuss the European Commission’s new
England, Iceland and Czech Republic book Euro 2016 spotsThis week’s ‘The Corner’ is dedicated to the business-end of the qualification campaign for the European Championships.  Besides hosts France who
And also...Star Wars 'religion' warning, Edward Snowden as you have never seen him before and deaf and blind driversEvery Friday, journalists from euronews’ various language teams choose a selection of stories from Europe and beyond, which may or may not have made
Bolivian Football headquarters raided in corruption probeState prosecutors raided the headquarters of the Bolivian Football Federation in Cochabamba after it failed to cooperate fully with an investigation
Morocco win beach soccer titleMorocco celebrated overall victory at the Beach Soccer Worldwide Tour on home sand in El Jadida. The host nation lost to Hungary on the final day of
FIFA President Blatter relinquishes IOC membershipFIFA President Sepp Blatter relinquished his ex officio IOC membership seven months before he is due to retire from his post, IOC President Thomas
The students who are changing children's lives with 3D-printed limbsSix-year-old Brazilian boy Paulo Costa Boa Nova was born with a genetic defect that left him without part of his right arm.  But now, thanks to a
USA: Former FIFA Vice President Jeffrey Webb denies corruption chargesFIFA’s former Vice President Jeffrey Webb appeared in court in New York on Saturday in connection with the huge scandal surrounding soccer’s world
Lampard MLD debut on hold due to injuryFrank Lampard will have to wait to make his Major League Soccer debut after he was ruled out of the New York City FC’s match against Toronto FC on
US formally asks Switzerland to extradite FIFA officialsThe United States has formally asked Switzerland to extradite seven FIFA officials arrested at the end of May in a corruption inquiry.  It is the
Eleven men sentenced to death after fatal Egyptian football violenceAn Egyptian court has sentenced 11 men to death for their part in the worst football violence the country has seen. Seventy-four fans were killed at
Football For FriendshipLast weekend, Berlin hosted the 3rd edition of ‘Football For Friendship’, the international forum organised by Gazprom, whose aim is to develop youth
Saving world football from dictators – the US and the FIFA scandalThe corruption charges against the football world-governing body FIFA and the subsequent resignation of its just re-elected president Sepp Blatter
New York Cosmos plays historic football match in HavanaThe New York Cosmos football team visited Havana to play an exhibition match against the Cuban national football team. The Cosmos won 4-1. Brazilian
FIFA's Blatter wins reelection after two rounds of votes
Sepp Blatter expected to be reelected as FIFA president despite corruption scandal
Football 'corrupted': Five main points in FIFA and World Cup scandalsBribes US justice authorities are pursuing their case on four fronts against FIFA, the powerful international governing body of association football
FIFA 'did this over and over, year after year,' says US attorney general
'Ride' the waves in Helen Hunt's new movie‘Ride’ is the tale of a single mother who travels across the US to join her college dropout son as he begins his new life as a surfer.   The film is
Pope Francis made honorary GlobetrotterPope Francis may be known as an ardent football fan, openly supporting his favourite Argentinean soccer team San Lorenzo, but he has now revealed his
Hairy homage to Neymar
Egyptian court moves toward death penalty for hooligansAn Egyptian court has moved closer toward executing 11 men for deadly soccer violence.  Seventy-three people were killed and more than 1,000 injured
Hungary's far-right Jobbik wins new parliament seat
PSG and Bayern Munich make strides towards titleThe French topflight is one of Europe’s most fiercely fought contests this season and Paris Saint Germain kept themselves one point clear at the top
Barcelona and Manchester United see off arch rivalsBarcelona  took a major step in reclaiming the La Liga title over the weekend courtesy of an El Clasico victory over arch rivals Real Madrid. The win
Five-day-old baby killed in Serbia military helicopter crashA Serbian military helicopter evacuating a sick baby from the south of the country has crashed near Belgrade, killing all seven people on board. The
Feyenoord supporters wreak havoc in RomeSupporters of Dutch football team Feyenoord clashed with Italian police in Rome and damaged an iconic Spanish fountain ahead of the
EOC President: European Games will help athletes perform better at OlympicsThe President of the European Olympic Committee, Patrick Hickey, has said in an exclusive interview with Euronews that the inaugural European Games
Hope Sole suspended from US women's soccer team for 'incident'Olympic Gold medalist Hope Solo has been suspended from the US women’s natIonal football team for 30 days.  The goalkeeper was involved in an
Gerrard confirms stateside moveA move stateside has been confirmed by Steven Gerrard after he announced on Friday he was leaving Anfield at the end of the season. “It will be
Steven Gerrard to leave LiverpoolSteven Gerrard is poised to leave Liverpool when his contract expires at the end of the season.

	The Liverpool captain has decided he will not sign
Lampard extended loan leaves sour taste in the Big AppleFrank Lampard is to remain at Manchester City until the end of the current season. The former Chelsea midfielder signed for New York City last June
Former Real star Raul unveiled at CosmosThe New York Cosmos signalled their intent on a return to topflight Major League Soccer after unveiling former Real Madrid star Raul as their newest
Neymar partners up with rally ace OgierBrazilian soccer star Neymar swapped his Barcelona kit for Rally overalls for a day as he teamed up with world champion Sebastien Ogier to become the
Keane voted 2014 MVP of MLSIreland international Robbie Keane has been voted Major League Soccer’s Most Valuable Player for 2014. The LA Galaxy forward has scored 20 goals in
City win Manchester derby as Bayern pile on the misery for DortmundWelcome back to The Corner, our weekly visit to the world of football. We start this edition with the Manchester derby. 

	The Citizens beat Louis
Anger as tiny French football side Luzenac denied place in Ligue 2French soccer chiefs’ treatment of a tiny team from the village of Luzenac is symbolic of “amateur football being sacrificed on the altar of
Uefa charges Italy football chief over racist remarksUefa says it is to launch disciplinary proceedings against Carlo Tavecchio, president of the Italian soccer federation (FIGC), into alleged racist
Football transfers: The movers, shakers and maybesWith the World Cup dust almost settled and the national leagues still on holiday, we take a look at some of the key movers and shakers from the
World Cup mania reaches fever pitch in the USAWelcome to The Corner World Cup special.

	There is widespread agreement that this tournament has been one of the best in terms of football
Team USA lost – but football in America wonThree days before Independence Day, the US hopes of advancing in the World Cup came to an end Tuesday night – and the country feels dejected.

	For
Go Team USA! Americans are getting crazy about footballAfter two nail-baiter games that were a danger to heart patients, Americans have become football crazy – although they still call it “soccer”. And
Europe's E-ELT blast marks first step in new science mega-projectConstruction of the European Extremely Large Telescope has officially begun in the Atacama desert in Chile, marking the first step in a true
Austrian far-right politician quits EU election campaignA far-right Austrian politician under fire for racist comments and likening the European Union to the Third Reich quit on Tuesday as a top Freedom
Ribery and Benzema discharged in sex trialFrance soccer internationals Franck Ribery and Karim Benzema have been discharged of solicitation of an underage prostitute, the Paris Correctional
Sponsor Zoopla ends West Brom deal after "alleged anti-Semitic" gesture by AnelkaProperty website Zoopla is ending its sponsorship of English soccer club West Bromwich Albion following an outcry over an alleged anti-Semitic
Former Germany star Thomas Hitzlsperger reveals he is gayFormer international midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has become one of the few high profile sportsmen, and the first well-known German footballer, to
After mega-businesses and mega-protests, a mega-event?FIFA world cup in Brazil
Shadowy French figure in the Nelson Mandela storyThe heritage and legacy of Nelson Mandela are the subject of great debate right now, and to discuss this euronews talked to Jean Yves Ollivier
World leaders at Mandela memorial serviceTuesday’s memorial service for Nelson Mandela was attended not just by the people of South Africa. Dozens of world leaders also made the journey to
How Johannesburg readied for Mandela funeral
South Africa hosting Olympic Games one of Mandela's last wishes - claimSouth Africa should host an Olympic Games to toast the achievements of Nelson Mandela, it’s been claimed.

	Sam Ramsamy, South Africa’s International
"Madiba we will never forget" - Springboks lead sport's tributes to MandelaSouth African rugby has led the tributes from the world sport to Nelson Mandela, who has died age 95.

	The Springboks paid a moving video tribute to
‘Desperate’ French footballer trapped in Qatar granted exit visaZahir Belounis, the French soccer player who claimed he had been prevented from leaving Qatar, has received his exit visa and will arrive in Paris on
Bulgaria's ruling Socialists blame "hooligan" protesters, vow to stayBulgaria’s ruling Socialists vowed on Wednesday to stay in power to pursue reforms despite continued street protests and accused their centre-right
An Olympic educationThis edition of Learning World looks at how young athletes balance dedication to their sport with getting a good education and asks is it possible to
UEFA chief Michel Platini backs calls for more teams at football World CupUEFA chief and former French star Michel Platini has called for the World Cup finals to be expanded.

	He wants 40 teams at the tournament from 2018
Greece: Anti-racism rapper stabbed to death in cafe brawlGreek police searched the Athens offices of the Golden Dawn party on Wednesday after a 35-year-old anti-racism rapper was stabbed to death by a man
Japan angry with Le Canard Enchaine over Fukushima Tokyo 2020 cartoonJapan has hit out over a French newspaper’s cartoon showing deformed sumo wrestlers at Fukushima nuclear plant.

	The piece – which appeared in the
Pope Francis gets animatedA fun four-minute video narrating the life of Pope Francis using cartoons and animation has been published by faith website Catholic Link. It has
Japan and Germany win football's 'RoboCup' 2013Japanese robots have done what their human counterparts can still only dream of, by winning the ‘Robocup’, a robotics equivalent of the football
Football: Kick-starting educationFootball tops most lists as the most popular sport in the world today. So this week in Learning World we take a look at how the beautiful game can be
Ukraine seeks revival of past footballing prowessFootball was the most popular sport in Ukraine during the Soviet era. After the revolution and the civil war in the 1920s, the Bolsheviks encouraged
Bonus: Voices from BulgariaThe mayor the Roma have voted as ‘Bulgaria’s friendliest mayor’

	Tsonko Tsonev
Mayor of Kavarna

	“When I started my work as a mayor I started to
